Add descriptions (#279)
stackabletech/commons-operator: docs/modules/commons-operator/pages/installation.adoc

* 0.2 cores (e.g. i5 or similar)
* 256MB RAM

== Installation

There are two ways to deploy the Commons operator into your Kubernetes cluster.

. Using xref:management:stackablectl:index.adoc[].
. Using Helm.

[tabs]
====
stackablectl::
+
--

> `stackablectl` is the command line tool to interact with Stackable operators and our recommended way to install Operators.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`stackablectl` is the recommended command line tool to install and manage with Stackable operators.
```
